1. At line 11, the last value of `i` will be printed, which will be equal to `prices.length`. This is because `i` was declared using the `var` keyword, and therefore has the entire function as its scope.
2. At line 12, the value of `discountedPrice` calculated during the last iteration of the loop will be printed. This is because `discountedPrice` was declared using the `var` keyword, and therefore has the entire function as its scope.
3. At line 13, the value of `finalPrice` calculated during the last iteration of the loop will be printed. This is because `finalPrice` was declared using the `var` keyword and was declared in the function's block. Therefore, it has the entire function as its scope.
4. The function will return `[50, 100, 150]`. This is because the variable `discounted` is initialized as an empty array. Then for each iteration of the loop, the discount is applied to the price and the final rounded price is pushed to the back of the array.
5. At line 11, we will get a ReferenceError, since `i` was declared using the `let` keyword inside the for loop. The `console.log` statement is outside the for loop, and is therefore outside the scope of `i`.
6. The program will never reach line 12, since it will crash at line 11. If the code in line 11 was deleted, then we will get a ReferenceError, since `discountedPrice` was declared using the `let` keyword inside the for loop. The `console.log` statement is outside the for loop, and is therefore outside the scope of `discountedPrice`. 
7. The program will never reach line 13, since it will crash at line 11. If the code in lines 11 and 12 was deleted, then line 13 will print the value of `finalPrice` calculated during the final iteration of the for loop. This is because `finalPrice` was declared in the function's block using the `let` keyword, so the `console.log` statement is in the scope of the variable.
8. The function will never return a value, since the program will crash on line 11. If the code in lines 11 and 12 was deleted, the function will return `[50, 100, 150]`. This is because the variable `discounted` is initialized as an empty array. Then for each iteration of the loop, the discount is applied to the price and the final rounded price is pushed to the back of the array. Changing the variable declaration from a `var` declaration to a `let` declaration does not affect the output.
9. Running the function would result in a TypeError in line 7. Therefore, the statement on line 11 would not be reached. If there was no error, line 11 would print the last value of `i`, which would be equal to `prices.length`.
10. Running the function would result in a TypeError in line 7. Therefore, the statement on line 12 would not be reached. If there was no error earlier, this statement would cause an error, since the `discountedPrice` variable was declared in the for loop using the `const` keyword, which means that its scope is the for loop. The `console.log` statement is outside that code block, causing an error.
11. Running the function would result in a TypeError in line 7. Therefore, the statement on line 13 would not be reached. If there were no errors caused earlier, this statement would print 0, since the `finalPrice` variable is declared at the beginning of the function, which means its scope is the function block. It is a constant variable, so its value cannot be changed, which means its value is 0.
12. Running the function would result in a TypeError in line 7. Therefore, the function would not return a value, since the return statement would not be reached. If there are no errors cause before the return statement, the function will return `[0, 0, 0]`. This is because the variable `discounted` is initialized as an empty array, and then the value of `finalPrice` is pushed on to the array for each iteration of the for loop. Since there is no assignment to the array, only modification of the array, the constant value 0 that is assigned to `finalPrice` is pushed to the array for each value in `prices`.
13. A. `student.name`  
    B. `student['Grad Year']`  
    C. `student.greeting()`  
    D. `student['Favorite Teacher'].name`  
    E. `student.courseLoad[0]`  
14. A. The output is `'32'`, since 2 is converted to a string and concatenated to the string `'3'`, and the `+` operator is defined for string concatenation.
    B. The output is 1. This is because the `-` operator is not defined for strings, so the string '3' is converted to an integer, and the result of 3-2 is output.
    C. The output is 3. This is because null is converted to a number for addition, and it is converted to 0, and then added to 3.
    D. The output is `'3null'`, since the addition operator results in null being converted to a string and concatenated to the string `'3'`.
    E. The output is 4. For the addition operator, the value true is converted to the integer 1, which is then added to the integer 3. 
    F. The output is 0. For the addition operator, both false and null are converted to the integer 0, and then added together.
    G. The output is `'3undefined'`. For the addition operator with a string, undefined is converted to a string, and it is concatenated to the string `"3"`.
    H. The output is `NaN`. For the subtraction operator, both values will be converted to numerical values. The string "3" is converted to the number 3, and undefined is converted to the numerical value `NaN`, which means it is not a legal number. Adding 3 to NaN will still result in NaN.
15. A. The output is true, since for different types, JavaScript converts the values to numbers. '2' is converted to the number 2, and compared to the number 1.
    B. The output is false. For strings, JavaScript compares the values in dictionary order, so '12' is not greater than '2'.
    C. The output is true. The equality operator will convert the string '2' to the number 2, and compare it to 2.
    D. The output is false. The strict equality operator compares values without converting the types of the operands, so '2' and 2 are not equal.
    E. The output is false. The equality operator converts the operands to numbers, and true is converted to the number 1.
    F. The output is true. Boolean() converts any non-zero number to true, and the strict equality operator returns true when comparing true and true.
16. The `==` operator compares values, converting the operands to numbers if they are of different types. The `===` operator compares values without any type conversion.
17. First, the if statement compares 2 and true using the equality operator. true is converted to 1, since JavaScript will convert both operands to numbers if the operands are of different types. Since 2 is not equal to 1, it proceeds to the else if statement. `else if(2)` will result in 2 being converted to a boolean value. Since all non-zero and non-NaN numbers are true, 2 is converted to true. Therefore, the else if clause is entered, and `How are you?` is printed.
19. The result will be `[6, 8, 10]`. The for loop in modifyArray will run 3 times, since the length of the array argument is 3. For each iteration, the callback doSomething is called, passing the array, and a new function that multiplies its argument by 2 and returns it. doSomething calls this function, which is its callback, after adding 2 to the number. Therefore, the output is `[(1+2)*2, (2+2)*2, (3+2)*2]` which is `[6,8,10]`.
21. The code will print `1` then `4` then `3` then `2`. 1, 4, and 3 will print one after the other in quick succession, then the delay